[Music]
Hi Viewers Welcome Back to Another
Video Insurance Regulator IRDA has
brought a key change in the health insurance segment from June 1, 2022, the
Use and File Procedure. It has simplified
all the challenges faced by insurers to launch a new health insurance policy and has given relaxations to insurance companies to design
innovative plans
and unique features. The
main
reason for the emergence of many new and path-breaking plans in the past few years is that it has simplified all the challenges faced by insurers to launch a new health insurance policy. In this video, we are going to do a complete review of
an exciting
super top-up plan called Activate Booster, which has been launched by ICICI Bank.
Along with understanding the important features of the Activate Booster plan, I will also explain to you in a simple way
how to plan more insurance coverage in a low budget.
So watch the video completely without missing a single moment.
I am Satish.  Founder of Assure Plus
Winsor, having worked as a consultant in the insurance industry for more than
15 years, with
our personal
experience with all the leading insurance companies in India, we regularly post
informative and meaningful videos through this channel.
We bring you the
latest industry updates, real life
challenges and practical insurance
solutions. All
you have to do is press the subscribe button, like the
video and don't forget to
share this with your
friends and relatives.
[Music] It is a
fact that people have increased their awareness about health insurance policies.
Especially the Covid 19 pandemic has taught us many life lessons about
unexpected medical emergencies and the ever-
increasing medical expenses.
These are the days when even a simple medical procedure costs lakhs. Any such
critical illness  It is 100% true that the thought of treatments or
major hospitalization is
scary,
but it is shocking to hear that 63% of Indians still have to pay for all their
medical
expenses out of pocket, i.e.
by using their own savings without any insurance system support, or by
taking loans and getting treatments done somewhere.
According to a NITI Aayog report, every year in India, more than
7% of the population, i.e.
more than 10 crore people, are pushed into poverty simply because they cannot
afford the expenses required for medical treatments.
Another important gap that we have observed even among those who have already taken health insurance plans is insufficient
coverage, i.e. the misconception that only 5
lakhs or less coverage is
enough. We are observing this among many policy
holders.
Try to understand this. Due to simple medical
expenses or minor
treatments,  It may not have
much impact on your family finances,
but
you must have seen scenarios in your real life where you have suffered an irreparable financial blow due to critical illness hospitalization,
but this is only one side of the
coin. On the other hand,
health insurance
premiums have been continuously increasing for the past few years
and due to this, we are seeing
cases in our practice every day where people are having difficulty paying the already existing health insurance policy amounts. It's like you are stuck between the devil
and the deep sea.
In such a situation, the only way to take higher insurance limits at a
low cost without burdening your family budget is to take
super
top up insurance plans
ICI Lombard Active Booster.
Before watching the details of this video, let's actually talk about this.  Let's try to understand the concept of how top-up
insurance policies work.
Two terms that we commonly hear in top-up policies are sum insured and
deductible. To understand this overall concept, let's
take a small scenario as an example. Here, Mr.
Manohar has only 5 lakhs health cover
and unexpectedly he is diagnosed with a
major disease and decides to get
treated in the best hospital in the city
but the total
bill is up to 25 lakhs. He
has only 5 lakhs cover,
so the remaining amount i.e. 20 lakhs has to be
borrowed outside and discharged.
Let's look at this scenario from another angle. If Mr. Manohar had
taken a top-up policy with a view
to paying the total hospital bill by using 5 lakhs
from the base policy and the
balance 20 lakhs from the top-up policy
without any problem.  The
extra coverage you take on top of your base policy is
called top ups. In this,
the additional cover you take is called sum insured. If the
limit is crossed, the minimum amount that will become
available to you after that top up cover is
called deductible.
In the example we saw earlier, there is already 5 lakhs of coverage,
so you should
select that limit as deductible and plan to take 20 lakhs of top up sum insured. If you
compare it with regular health insurance policies, you will have the opportunity to get more coverage in top ups at a
lower premium.
These are the details of the unique features offered by ICI Lombard Activate Booster Plan. Maximum Security To help
you with the exponentially increasing medical expenses,
this policy is offering coverage from 10 lakhs of sum
insured to up to three crores.
Also, the
deductible limits are also flexible up to
3 lakhs.  You can
select from Rs. 20 lakhs to Rs. 20 lakhs. You may be wondering whether we really need higher coverages like one
crore to two crores or even three
crores,
but we are already
seeing frequent examples of heart transplantations, liver transplantations, treatments for cancer costing more than 25 lakhs in India. In the last few
years, medical inflation has been registering 14 to
15%. See how
medical expenses will increase in the coming years in an unexpected way.
Today, a treatment that requires 25 lakhs will cost
50 lakhs after five years, 1
crore after 10 years, 2 crores after 15 years,
and the same disease will
cost four crores in 20 years from today. That's how
medical
inflation can impact your
treatment cost in the future. So, it is
imperative to have higher limits.
Remember that taking policies is very necessary,
but since higher sum insured means higher
cost premium dates, many
people are already adjusting with the little insurance coverage they already have.
In the ICICI Lombard Activate Booster Plan,
you have been brought to this plan by choosing higher limits at an incredibly low cost.
For example, if
a 35-year-old individual living in Zone B, i.e. Telugu states,
takes 50 lock coverage with 5 lock deductible, the
amount to be paid is
only 3641. If you take 1 crore coverage with 10 lock deductible, the
only 1905. This is absolutely true. Although there
are similar low-cost top-up plans in the insurance market, these include
modern treatments like robotic
surgeries, deep brain stimulation.  While there are sub-limits for
complex and advanced treatments like अप्रतिमानी बार्ड प्रतिमानी  The
deductible in the top-up plan is
removed and converted into a base policy. In
this way, in the process of converting the top-up plan to a
regular plan,
this benefit is provided without re-evaluating your health status, regardless of medical underwriting or even claims. The
specialty of Activate Booster is that even if you are
guaranteed to have insurance benefits for a long time, i.e. until retirement, and even if you already have
any other health insurance coverage,
it is not enough to meet your future requirements.
You have a good opportunity to take an Activate Booster plan and
convert it to a regular plan between the ages of 55 to 65 years
and this will also be a good decision.
Plus,
another attractive feature offered by Activate Booster plan is
Guaranteed Deductible Reduction. If
you select this optional cover, the
deductible amount will be reduced by 10% at each policy renewal time, regardless of claims.
This reduces your limit
maximum by up to 50%, which makes the
top-up policy activate quickly without burdening you in future hospitalization scenarios. However, since
this is an optional benefit, keep in mind that you will have to
pay a small additional premium for this. To
understand this,
look at the illustration we are presenting on your screen. If
you select one crore top-up cover with 10
lakhs deductible,
your
deductible limit will be reduced by 10% at each policy renewal time, and
instead of 10 lakhs for the fifth renewal time, only 5 lakhs will
be deductible [music]. Another note worth mentioning among the optional covers is the
Jump Start feature for pre-existing diseases like asthma,
diabetes, hypertension, cholesterol
and obesity, i.e. those who
had these diseases before taking the policy, instead of the regular waiting
period of three years.
Activate Booster Plan offers you the opportunity to reduce the waiting period to just 30 days by paying an extra premium amount.
All the important features required for a comprehensive health insurance policy are
available to you in Activate Booster Plan, for example,
Inpatient Treatment Benefits to cover hospitalization expenses,
Medical procedures performed in less than 24 hours like day
care treatments, Coverage for
technological advancements and
treatments,
Pre-hospitalization cover for expenses incurred before hospitalization,
Post-hospitalization benefits for bills required after discharge, not just
allopathic
treatments, but also
inpatient AYUSH hospitalization cover,
Domestic Road Ambulance Coverage,
Organ  To
suit transplantation cases, very comprehensive features like donor expenses, domiciliary
hospitalization cover,
bariatric surgery, home care
treatment have been
made available to you in this plan. In addition, you can also get benefits like
inpatient treatment for
surrogate mothers, inpatient treatment
for egg donor, depending on the plan you have taken. When it comes to room rent
eligibility,
remember that although this plan originally provides a single private AC room, there is an optional cover to upgrade to a higher category of rooms through the room modifier rider. Next
Chronic Disease Management Program, which provides
guidance for health maintenance and improvement by medical experts for those with diseases like asthma, diabetes, hypertension, cholesterol, obesity, providing dietician and
nutritional counseling, and pre-
defined diagnostic health check-ups.
Facilities provided include: Additional
features like physical
consultations, routine diagnostic and
minor procedures, covered pharmacy,
physiotherapy sessions, etc.
Activate booster plan to meet current needs like counseling,
Claim protector rider to cover non-payable items,
Inflation protector add-on to offer extra bonus based on rising general inflation and consumer price index, Waiting period reduction option to change the three-
year pre-existing disease
waiting period to two or one
year, Specific illness waiting
period reduction add-on to select one
year waiting period for
diseases that normally have a two-year
waiting period,
Health check-up add-on, etc.
This is the most popular top-up insurance in the insurance segment.  The
thing to appreciate is that the Activate Booster Plan is designed as a comprehensive policy. You can see the details of the
waiting periods and discounts in this plan
on your screen.
[Music] The
ILT
Care mobile app, designed exclusively for ICI Lombard customers,
introduces you to the latest technology. Face scan, Hello
Doctor, Chat with Expert for Health,
Exercise Tracker for Health, Health
Webinars, Sensational benefits like OPD claims and Mental
Health Support are an
added attraction of the Activate Booster Plan. Although the premiums are charged based on the city or zone where you live,
ICICL has taken care of this without co-payments or sub-limits.
This is the complete review of the ICSC Lombard Activate Booster
Plan. Understand the fact that medical
emergencies always knock on your door and
take your permission.
Just one major illness is enough for
you to work hard for the rest of your life.
Understand that even if any member of your family gets such a disease, it will take a lifetime for an average family to recover from that financial shock. It is
not right to be in pain these days, as I am healthy and I have nothing to lose.
Your health is your real wealth. So in
order to protect that health, take care of your
wealth by
taking such insurance plans. Don't forget to make
better financial decisions with the help of an experienced and qualified financial and insurance expert. Let's
meet again with another interesting video. Take Care Stay
Healthy Signing of Me Satish